# Welcome ! (Dashboard version 1)
## Demo
![Screenshot from 2025-03-01 00-09-24](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a963369f-1d87-4ad4-b7e2-f56a16360b6b)

**Link to Dashboard**: [Link to the dashboard in Tableau Public](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/muthumanickam.v/viz/LinkedInActivity/Dashboard2)

This is my first Tableau project that is titled as "My LinkedIn Activity". I created a simple dashbaord with my LinkedIn data and found useful insights from the visuals. 

## Design
My Tableau dashboard has a minimalist style. The dashboard is
themed after LinkedIn since I visualised my LinkedIn data. It is
easy to use, neat, and uncluttered. To make it simple for
visitors to explore the data and discover the information they
require, I have implemented interactive filters.

## Funtionality
My Tableau dashboard's capability is focused on simplified way of
presenting data insights. In order to help people understand the
patterns and trends in the data, I have provided charts and
graphs.

## Data Source
**Source:** LinkedIn
I have requested and gotten my LinkedIn activity data. The option
is available for everyone who uses LinkedIn. Within a short
period after requesting, you get to download the recent archive.
I was motivated to understand my daily LinkedIn usage and
activity.
You can always access your LinkedIn account data by following
below steps:
**Me** icon —> **Settings & Privacy** —> **Data privacy** —> **Get a copy of
your data** (under ow LinkedIn uses your data) —> **Download** (a few
hours as wait time)

## Conclusion
> From

I got 39 messages from Mr. Aswin S and received 5 advertisements
from Skill-Lync. This shows only 5 ads were shown by LinkedIn
over 2 years with the LinkedIn free plan.

> To

I sent 34 messages to Mr. Aswin S. It is evident that I and Mr.
Aswin S had meaningful conversations. Overall direct interactions
with connections and peers seem less for over 2 years of time.
Thus I get room for improvement.

> Company

I have 5 mutual connections who were also parts of Society for
Space Education Research and Development (SSERD) organisation. I
was connected to 3 members in each of institutes and companies
namely Max Planck Institute for Astrophysics, IUCAA, Indium
software, IIA, BARC, and Chegg India.

> Position

My connection network has 13 Data Scientists, 12 Research
Interns, and 9 Data Analysts. Though some of the connections
might not be active and update regularly so I can say the least
numbers are these. This tells that I have connected to people
that are in the same field.

> Conclusion

At first, I started to connect with people in the month of June
2020. After a huge months of gap, I was connected to 42 members
in the month of July 2021 at the time of COVID 19 peak. I can say
that I had been active in that time. The second largest number of
connection was 22 in the month of June 2022. The direction of
connection is not known so a count of connected on says that I
have just connected by both sending and accepting requests. The
third largest number of connection was 21 in the month of January
2023.

> Reaction

In this visual, one understands measure of reaction type by
looking at respective area over the time series. Like type
reaction has largest area, thus I most likely used to like in
LinkedIn daily posts. Second highest number of reaction type is
Empathy. Less areas of Appreciation, Entertainment, Interest, and
Maybe reactions can be seen. It is evident that I usually don’t
use them or I had gotten posts that can’t be reacted other than
just liking. I conclude that i liked a huge number of posts.

> Search

In this graph, the clustering of search query data was done to
group it. There are two optimal clusters for the data. Cluster 1
has maximum number of search as 256 in the month of January 2022.
The maximum number of search was 817 in the month of June 2022 in
cluster 2. I conclude that cluster 2 occurred in the months of
April, May, and June 2022, I was actively looking for graduate
opportunities and finding suitable outreach chances, and cluster
1 represents my activity of searching over years. This shows that
I have been actively using LinkedIn to build useful and
meaningful network. Hence I’m an active and a consistent learner.
